AE-1313 Incorporate Autotasks into Compound Repo (#20)
arbitraryexecution/compound-monitoring: distribution/README.md

0xbc246c878326f2c128462d08a0b74048b1dbee733adde8863f569c949c06422a

To run, use:
`npm run tx {transactionHash}`

## Autotask

> This autotask sends alerts from Openzepplin's Defender Forta Sentinel's to Compound's Disord channel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Autotask sends alerts from Openzeppelin's Defender Forta Sentinels to Compound's Discord channel. 
```

Rather than creating Autotask scripts in the Defender Web App and then waiting for appropriate blockchain events
to trigger a Forta Sentinel, this code allows a developer to specify a range of blocks to use for retrieving alerts
from the Forta Public API.  Those alerts are then fed directly into the Autotask in the same format that they would
have if they were occurring live.

### Use of Jest

This code uses Jest to override the `defender-relay-client` module.  That module can be used to create a JSON-RPC provider
in the Defender environment, but because we are not running in that environment, we can simplify the approach by using a
standard ethers JSONRPCProvider instead.

The use of `describe` and `it` is currently only necessary because we are using Jest for the module override.

### Autotask Setup
- Create an `autotask-config.json` file with the following format:
```
{
  "jsonRpcUrl": "https://your.preferred.json.rpc.endpoint/with/api-key",
  "agentId": "0xFORTAAGENTIDHERE",
  "startBlockNumber": <integer_for_starting_block_number>,
  "endBlockNumber": <integer_for_ending_block_number>
}
```

> - Create a .env file that contains the name of your discord webook and the url for it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create a .env file that contains the name of your discord webhook and the URL for it:
```
